README.md, before:

# TOP paper resources

This is a companion website to the [TOP][top-package] package and 
contains the data resources and data processing pipelines for the `TOP` paper.

  * Example [pipelines][snakemake-pipeline] using [Snakemake][snakemake] to 
  generate TOP training data used in the `TOP` paper.
  * Pretrained `TOP` [model parameters][pretrained-model].
  * Precomputed TF occupancy predictions on our lab [website][top-predictions].

**Reference**

* Luo, K., Zhong, J., Safi, A., Hong, L., Tewari, A., Song, L., Reddy, T., Ma, L., 
Crawford, G., & Hartemink, A. (2020) "Quantitative occupancy of myriad 
transcription factors from one DNase experiment enables 
efficient comparisons across conditions." *bioRxiv*, bioRxiv:2020.06.28.171587.


**License**

All source code and software in this repository are made available
under the terms of the [MIT license][mit-license].

[top-package]: https://github.com/HarteminkLab/TOP
[top-webiste]: https://kevinlkx.github.io/TOP
[mit-license]: https://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.html
[snakemake]: https://snakemake.readthedocs.io/en/stable/
[snakemake-pipeline]: https://github.com/HarteminkLab/TOP-paper-resources/tree/main/code/snakemake
[pretrained-model]: https://github.com/HarteminkLab/TOP-paper-resources/tree/main/data/trained_model_coef
[top-predictions]: https://users.cs.duke.edu/~amink/software/

Commit message:

added link to the github repo

README.md, after:

# TOP paper resources

This is a companion website to the [TOP][top-package] package and 
contains the data resources and data processing pipelines for the `TOP` paper.

  * Example [pipelines][snakemake-pipeline] using [Snakemake][snakemake] to 
  generate TOP training data used in the `TOP` paper.
  * Pretrained `TOP` [model parameters][pretrained-model].
  * Precomputed TF occupancy predictions on our lab [website][top-predictions].

**Reference**

* Luo, K., Zhong, J., Safi, A., Hong, L., Tewari, A., Song, L., Reddy, T., Ma, L., 
Crawford, G., & Hartemink, A. (2020) "Quantitative occupancy of myriad 
transcription factors from one DNase experiment enables 
efficient comparisons across conditions." *bioRxiv*, bioRxiv:2020.06.28.171587.


**License**

All source code and software in this [Github repository][top-resources-github] are made available
under the terms of the [MIT license][mit-license].

[top-package]: https://github.com/HarteminkLab/TOP
[top-webiste]: https://kevinlkx.github.io/TOP
[top-resources-github]: https://github.com/HarteminkLab/TOP-paper-resources
[mit-license]: https://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.html
[snakemake]: https://snakemake.readthedocs.io/en/stable/
[snakemake-pipeline]: https://github.com/HarteminkLab/TOP-paper-resources/tree/main/code/snakemake
[pretrained-model]: https://github.com/HarteminkLab/TOP-paper-resources/tree/main/data/trained_model_coef
[top-predictions]: https://users.cs.duke.edu/~amink/software/
